I'm merely going to dinner and as soon
as I tell him about all of you he'll
bring me all the plenty of time for
dessert I was trying to figure out the
most graceful way to break it to him
speaking of eight children that's what I
have fun all right that's why I come in
this place I have eight children
oh don't look at me I just got here
and speaking of children we want
speaking children oh thank goodness I
have eight children hey children hear
what I have to tell you what I have 10
children hey I'm glad I have 10 children
I'm glad I have my eight and I'm glad
I'm careful what would you like
and hella uh I'd like a light
screwdriver please Hey
okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I don't know
what's wrong with me what a terrible
thing to do it was a typical wedding
enemies are the bride on the right and
the needs of the groom on the left we
won't be a family I'm going to be a
freak show people kept staring as if
they thought we were crazy they didn't
get any argument for me
I thought I saw the house cringe as we
drove up yeah you're 14 red seats
everybody's got a number of the oldest
to the youngest all the bathrooms are a
color all the bedrooms are a letter and
that makes you number 14 bathroom red
and Lucy your blues and greens and
wonderful but your knees and cheese are
a little mixed up this is like in the
bathroom what sister I don't know
whether I'm 14 around here what's the
name of this organization emergency the
Beardsley's are here five pounds of
bacon two gallons of oatmeal three dozen
eight and forty pieces of toast
would you care to change doctor this is
Christmas not April Fool you do not have
indigestion what you have is a simple
case of pregnancy Merry Christmas
Oh
together
on my way
there's rain coming in our room can we
sleep here